OSDOCS-16409: Cluster Admin CQAs (#116629)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-machine-pool-disk-volume-cli.adoc

[id="configuring-machine-pool-disk-volume-cli_{context}"]
= Configuring machine pool disk volume using the ROSA CLI

[role="_abstract"]
Configure the disk volume size for machine pools during cluster creation or when adding new machine pools by using the {rosa-cli-first}.

.Prerequisites

* You installed and configured the latest {rosa-cli} on your workstation.
* You logged in to your Red{nbsp}Hat account using the {rosa-cli}.

.Procedure

* To configure disk volume during cluster creation, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create cluster --worker-disk-size=<disk_size>
----
+
The value can be in GB, GiB, TB, or TiB. Replace `<disk_size>` with a numeric value and unit, for example `--worker-disk-size=200GiB`. You cannot separate the digit and the unit. No spaces are allowed.

* To configure disk volume for a new machine pool after cluster installation, scale up the cluster by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create machinepool --cluster=<cluster_id> \
                          --disk-size=<disk_size>
----
+
where:
+

> `<cluster_id>`:: Specifies the ID or name of your existing OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<cluster_id>`:: Specifies the ID or name of your existing {OCP-short} cluster.
```
